import-indicator-commands (#27558)
demisto/content: Packs/Anomali_ThreatStream/Integrations/AnomaliThreatStreamv3/README.md

| url_mapping | Indicator type to assign if a specific type is not associated with an observable. This is a global setting that applies to any imported URL-type observable when an explicit itype is not specified for it. | Optional | 
| email_mapping | Indicator type to assign if a specific type is not associated with an observable. This is a global setting that applies to any imported email-type observable when an explicit itype is not specified for it. | Optional | 
| md5_mapping | Indicator type to assign if a specific type is not associated with an observable. This is a global setting that applies to any imported MD5-type observable when an explicit itype is not specified for it. | Optional | 
| tags | A comma-separated list of tags applied to the imported observables. For example, tag1,tag2. | Optional | 
| tags_tlp | You can add tags that are private to your organization by setting the tlp attribute for the tag to red. If you do not specify a tlp setting, the tag is visible to any ThreatStream user with access to the observable. Possible values are: Red, Amber, Green, White. | Optional | 

> | expiration_ts | The time stamp when intelligence will expire on ThreatStream, in ISO format. For example, 2020-12-24T00:00:00. By default, the expiration_ts is set to 90 days from the current date. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| expiration_ts | The timestamp when intelligence will expire on ThreatStream, in ISO format. For example, 2020-12-24T00:00:00. By default, the expiration_ts is set to 90 days from the current date. | Optional | 
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| confidence | The observable certainty level of a reported indicator type. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| source_confidence_weight | Ratio (0-100) between the source confidence and the ThreatStream confidence. To use your specified confidence entirely and not re-assess the value using machine learning algorithms, set this argument to 100. | Optional | 

> | expiration_ts | The time stamp when intelligence will expire on ThreatStream, in ISO format. For example, 2020-12-24T00:00:00. By default, the expiration_ts is set to 90 days from the current date. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| expiration_ts | The timestamp when intelligence will expire on ThreatStream, in ISO format. For example, 2020-12-24T00:00:00. By default, the expiration_ts is set to 90 days from the current date. | Optional | 
```
